docs/api_reference.rst, before:

API Reference
===============================================

This is the API Reference of the Python library `Contextual Encoders <https://github.com/StuttgarterDotNet/contextual-encoders>`_.

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.aggregator
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.computer
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.context
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.encoder
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.gatherer
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.inverter
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.measure
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.reducer
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

Commit message:

Added requirements.txt for readthedocs online.

docs/api_reference.rst, after:

API Reference
===============================================

This is the API Reference of the Python library `Contextual Encoders <https://github.com/StuttgarterDotNet/contextual-encoders>`_.

.. note::
    When the dependencies got updated, an export from poetry needs to be done to update the requirements.txt within the
    doc directory: poetry export --dev -f requirements.txt --output requirements.txt.

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.aggregator
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.computer
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.context
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.encoder
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.gatherer
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.inverter
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.measure
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__

.. automodule:: contextual_encoders.reducer
   :members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __init__
